You're pretending to be mad and silly again.
And now, committing suicide by hanging.
Isn’t it just coming to see you in disguise?
I know Your Majesty has me in your heart.
Have you forgotten?
You promised that you would protect me for a lifetime.
I haven’t forgotten, so I spared your life.
Otherwise, you and Duke Yuan would have been executed by me long ago.
Executed?
What are you saying?
Duke Yuan...
Duke Yuan is dead.
So now you’re heartbroken?
Don’t look at me with such eyes.
I favored you alone among the harem.
I made you the noble consort.
Yet you colluded with Duke Yuan to plot against me.
What did I do to wrong you?
Hahaha.
Is it not enough that I’ve wronged you?
The Empress Dowager and Lord Xie conspired against my Ning family, 108 lives.
If not for Duke Yuan’s rescue,
I would have had no chance to contribute.
The Ning family and Lord Xie’s life-saving grace.
From today on,
my life belongs to Lord Xie. Get up!
Remember, from today on, you are no longer a mere pawn.
You are a distant relative of my mother.
In three months,
I will send you to the palace.
Even Duke Yuan met a tragic end.
All the people I loved are dead.
And you, who deserve a thousand deaths, are still alive.
Why?
You are the daughter of a traitor.
You are not that little girl from years ago.
How could the daughter of a traitor enter the palace?
It’s just an identity fabricated by Duke Yuan.
Hahaha, the qin and chess.
You’re truly pathetic.
Not even knowing who you truly love.
You’re certainly not him.
You don’t even compare to his little toe.
You might as well kill me.
I won’t let you die easily.
Ah hahahaha.
Don’t touch me, don’t touch me, don’t touch me, don’t touch me.